Fix 2D check for parallel cases (#203)
precice/openfoam-adapter: changelog-entries/203.md

> - Fixed the out-of-bounds data access which might cause trouble in 2D parallel cases [#202](https://github.com/precice/openfoam-adapter/issues/202)

Reviewer: I am not sure if the user can clearly understand what this means without looking at the code. Maybe, instead:

```suggestion
- Fixed a potential memory access issue in the xy-alignment check for 2D cases [#202](https://github.com/precice/openfoam-adapter/issues/202)
```
